Add subctl installation instructions (#246)
submariner-io/submariner: README.md

# Installation

Submariner installation can be done manually using a dedicated tool, `subctl`, or Helm charts, or
by using its operator. All three methods are described here.

## Installation using subctl

`subctl` is a Submariner-specific tool developed to simplify Submariner installation. It drives
[the operator](#installation-using-operator). You can see it in action in
[this demo](https://youtu.be/cInmBXuZsU8).

### Download

> `subctl` is maintained in the operator project; binaries are available for download from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`subctl` is maintained in the operator project and its binaries are available for download from
```

[the operator releases](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator/releases).

> Download the latest binary for your operating system and architecture, and install it on your path;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest binary for your operating system and architecture and install it on your path.
```

Author: Losing the comma makes the previous “and” less clear — the two “and”s are different...

Reviewer: How about this:

"Download the latest binary for your operating system and architecture, then install it on your path, as the binary has no external dependencies."

Author: Right, “then” works better. There’s no connection between the path and the external dependencies, so I changed it to

> Download the latest binary for your operating system and architecture, then install it on your
path. The binary has no external dependencies so you won’t need anything else.

> it has no external dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has no external dependencies.
```

Author: This is part of the sentence on the previous line.

### Broker

> To set the broker up (on a specific cluster or one of the multi-cluster member clusters), run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy only the broker in a cluster, run
```

    subctl deploy-broker --kubeconfig /path/to/your/config --no-dataplane

> `/path/to/your/config` must correspond to the `kubeconfig` for your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/path/to/your/config` must correspond to the `kubeconfig` of the target cluster.
```

> This will deploy the broker on the target cluster, and save a file, `broker-info.subm`, that will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command also saves a file, `broker-info.subm`, that will
```

Where is this file saved?

> be used to join the multi-cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be used to join other clusters to the broker.
```

### Engine and route agent

To install the engine and route agent, run

    subctl join --kubeconfig /path/to/your/config broker-info.subm

> Again, `/path/to/your/config` must correspond to the `kubeconfig` for your cluster; it will vary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/path/to/your/config` must correspond to the `kubeconfig` of the joining cluster.
`broker-info.subm` is the file obtained from the broker deployment and is used to join the cluster to that broker.
```

> from one cluster to another.

Reviewer: Remove this line.

> This will ask for any missing information, in particular a cluster identifier (a unique name for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will ask for any missing information, in particular a unique identifier/name for
```

> the cluster), and the node to use as a gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the cluster and the cluster node to use as a gateway.
```

It will then install [the Submariner operator](#installation-using-operator) and configure it to

> deploy Submariner and join the clusters configured using the broker above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploy the Submariner components and join the cluster to the broker.
```
